nare-2. OF Tnsssn Lecturus. at

It would not be easy, indeed, to assign a maon,
why the writirrgs of Homer, of Pindar, and ol Horace,
should eng'ross ourattention and monopoliae our praise,
while those of Moses, ol David and lsaiah pass totally
unregarded. Shall we suppose that the subject is not
adopted to a seminary, in which sacred literature has
ever maintained a precedencer Shall we say, that it ia
foreign to this assembly ol promising youth, of whom
the greater part have consecrated the best portion of
their tin're and labour to the same department ol learn-
ing? Or must 'we conclude, that the writings ol those
men,' who have accomplished only as much ss burnan
genius and ability could accomplish‚ should be reduc·

ed to method and theorya but that those which boast n 'f‘ κ’

much higher origin, and ure justly attributed to the·
inspiration ol the Holy Spirit, may be considered as in-
deed illustrious by their native force and beauty‚ but
not as conformable to the principles os science‚· nor to
be circuimscribed by any rules ciart? lt is indeed rnost
nne, that sacred poetry‚ il we contemplate its origin*
alone, is lar superior to both nature and ort ‚· but il we
would rightly estimare its excedencies, that is, il we
wish to understand its power in exciting the humati
allectione, we must have recourse to both: lor we must
consider what those affectione are, and by what means
they are to ¹be excited. Morcover, as in all other ¹
branches ol science, so in poetry, art· or theory con-
sists in a certain knowledge derived lrorn the carelul
observation os nature, and confirmed by practice and
experience3 lor men oi learning having rernarlred in?

things what was graoelul, what was fit, what was con*
ducive to the attainment of certain ends, they digested
such discoveries as had been casually made, and re·
duced them to an established order or method': wherrce

 

