later. ta. ritorttmc romu. ua

prophetia office, 'tulto were previously couretstnt with
thr sacred poetry. lt was equally a part ol their duty to
compose verses for the service ol the chorch, and to dea
clare the oracles ol God: and it cannot, therefore, bo
doubted that a great portion of the named hymns may
properly be termed prophecies, or that many' of the
prophecies are in reality hymns or poems. Since, aewe
hare already proved, it was troni the first a principalend
land airu of poetry, to itnpress oponthe minds of mn
dte sayings ol the wisc, and such precepts as· related
either to the principles ot aith, or the lans of momlity,
a's tren as to transmit the same to'postetitye it ought
hot to appear extraordinary, that prophecy,.which in this
view ranke as a principal. and is of the highest import-
ante, should not 'disdain¹ the assistam ol ari art so ad·-

, mirably calculated to effect its purposert· of this tue

hove an illustrious prool m that prophetie ode of Mo·
ses,‘¹which he comp'osed hythe especinl command of
God, to be learned by the Israelites, and committed to
memory: That this song may be,” says God himself,
“for a witness against the people ol Israel, when they
‘shall depart from me· this shall bea testimony in their
“;ntouths lor it shall not be torgotum· rtor shall 1t de·
“part out ol the mouths of their posterity lor ενεί·.”11
But, as on the one hand, this poem of Moses⁰ rsa clear
and remarkable specimen of the prophetie mode ol writ-
ing ς · so, on the other, there are many prophecies which
are not less conspicuous as poenas It remains, there·
tore, only produce afewexamples from the prophetie
ttritings. any ol the most ancient of those, whichare
extant in the Mosaic history, Ihave already quoted,¹⁸ aa
exhibiting the fairest examples ol the Hebrew poetry.
lor' instance the imprecation os Noah, the blessing os Ja.

atmorsxgrii. ”SeeDrunmi 19,21. ”seusam .

 

