Lace. 19. OF THE enonflnmc Ponrnr. 977

dtese lectures form a whole, and constitute that partic.
ular species of poetry, which 1 distinguish by the ap-
pellation of prophetic. l shall now endeavour, in they
first place, to offer to your consideration such adescrip·

tion of this species of poetry, as may serve to distin· .

guish it from the rest; and afterwards to delineare the
peculiar character ol each ol the propheta, as iar as may
be consistent with the objectos these Lectores.

The genius of the prophetie poetry is to be explored
by adue attention to the nature and design of prophecy
itself. The immediate design of all prophecy is to in·
form or amend those generations that precede the events
predicted, and it is usually calculated either to excite
their iears and apprehensione, or to. afford thern conso·
latinu. The means which it employs for the accom-
plishhrent ol these effeots, are a general amplification of
the subject, whether it be ol the meuacing or consola-
tory kind, copious descriptione, diversified, pompous,
and sublime; in this also it necessarily avoids too great
a degree of exactness, and too formal a display of the
minuter circumstances3 rather employirrg a vague and
general style of description, expressive only of the na..
ture and magnitude ol the subject: for prophecy in its
very nature implies some degree of obscurity, and is
always, as the apostle elegantly expresses it, “ lilre a
“ light glimmeriog in a daris place, until the day down,
‘⁸ and the day-star mise-”³ But there is alsoa furtim
use and intention os prophecy, which regards those who
live alter the prediction isaccomplished and that is, the
demonstration and attestation which it affords of the di-
vine veracity: this evidently appears to demand a dis·-
ierent form of enunciation; for correct lauguage, apt
integrm, andan exact display of circumstances, are pe,

⁸,2 Prrr. ii. 9.

>>

 

